Hi, everyone.
In this lecture, we're going to implement the functionality of the speech recognition.
All right, so first off, let's go ahead and let's grab the elements that we need.
First off, I'm going to grab the trans corruption.
So it's transcription and I'm going to say document.
That query selector, query selector.
What is this?
It is going to be this diff that we have, right?
So it is going to be that diff.
And next thing the next thing is going to be our speech para speech paragraph.
Now, this paragraph I will be creating dynamically in here because we don't have an equivalent in here.
We are just going to be creating a dynamically.
So we are going to say document dot, create aliment.
What is the ultimate name?
It is paragraph.
So first off, let's call our speech recognition.
We are going to call it on the window.
So you just say window the speech recognition.
It's right here now because it's experimental and because it's not worth supporting Chrome as well.
What we are going to do is we are going to say window dot speech recognition.
Or window, sorry, Web kit, Web kit.
No, not here.
Window dot websocket, speech recognition kit, speech recognition, right?
So we either use this one or we use this one, whichever one is supported, speech recognition.
All right.
Now let's let's instantiate the speech recognition.
So we are going to say consed recognition.
I'm just going to call it a recognition and we are going to say new window, that speech recognition,
window dot speech recognition and this is going to be a class, right, that we are instantiating here.
Now, let's go ahead and let's cancel log this this recognition that we have added here.
Ruki speech.
I'm just going to say recognition speech.
Speech, let's Soviet.
So whenever we oh, we should start it, then it is going to work, so I don't you know what, before
starting this, go ahead and check it inside the console.
So we get the speech recognition in here.
We get a lot of things.
But we're we are working we're looking for as interim results.
And what interim results does is it is going to listen to our speech and get the results.
So I'm going to say
recognition, that recognition, speech, that interim results, we want to set it to true because by
default, it's false and we want it to grab the results that we are talking.
That's why we are going to set it to true.
Now, on the same recognition speech, we are going to add an event listener.
The event is going to be result and we are going to grab our event object as well.
Right.
And now whatever that we speak, they are going to be like our results.
And I want to put all of them inside an array.
So let's say concert speech.
I'm going to call a speech to text.
All right, and let's say a Ray Dart from from IDOT results and what do you think Iida results is going
to give us?
Now, I'm going to comment that one out and I'm going to say conserve the log.
E first off, let's just grab the E and Downbelow.
We are going to say, let's start over.
Recognition, recognition, speech.
Here it is.
Dot start.
Say it.
Perfect.
So if I close that and if I reload the page, you can see that it is asking for access to your microphone.
Of course you should allow it, otherwise it wouldn't work.
So let's say hello.
Hey there.
What is going on here?
We don't get anything.
Do we?
So the results, let's just say, are results.
Save it.
Hey, what's going on here, we don't get anything and we should get something, I don't know why this
event is not an event listener.
The results, let's just cancel logs.
Anything like one to three, like success.
Success.
OK, so this event is not firing at all.
OK, so what do we do with this one?
And this event, it should fire.
Why doesn't this event I mean, is not my mic working?
Oh, we have we have a lot of stuff here.
Now, my mic definitely works, so we are not getting anything inside the console.
No problems, recognition, speech that add evilness into it is result.
And then we have selected our event object and we have said set it to six have said console logs, success.
We are just listening for that.
Right.
I mean, we should be able to get something from.
All right, all right, so we have our guests, I'm going to check if we have any misspelled so we have
speech recognition.
Perfect, it's perfect.
Their perfect, their perfect, their interim results.
Perfect shoe.
Should get success, so you know what, I'm just going to close this one maybe.
Because everything is all right, maybe it is because of that.
So and I'm going to open this up with Life Server and right here and I can see there we go, we get
the duck.
So two windows cannot be opened at the same time.
And then we can see that this count is increasing each time I say a word.
And what we can do is we can print our event object as well.
All right.
Perfect, and we can see that this event is being fired at now because the session is ended.
We cannot see this event being fired anymore.
So now you can see this this entire thing.
But the thing that we are interested in is the results from their speech recognition results.
And it says I right.
I said, all right.
And it got all right.
And the confident I'm not calm, 50 percent confident.
Let's try this over, OK?
Let's check this one out.
The confidence level should be higher.
Ninety seven percent.
There we go.
So you can see that we are basically looking for this transcripted thingy, right?
I'm just kidding.
We are looking for this TransGlobe or not.
You can print out the confidence every kind of there is a lot of stuff here, but I'm just going to
grab the text and we are going to print it.
So inside our speech recognition, we are going to go from the speech recognition to results and then
we need to loop over the results.
That's why we have indices here.
And then we are going to get the transcript.
So we need to do some sort of like for each or something like that.
So because we are going to do for each word, we need an array.
That's why we are we are going to create that array.
So it's going to be the results to this array.
And if I were to say console lock, speech to text, let's save it.
And now let's go ahead and check it out.
OK, so if I come here, you can see, let's save it and notice, go ahead and check it out.
I said, let's go and check it out.
All right.
So this is inside an array, right?
And let's go over let's map this array.
So I'm going to come right here and I'm going to say dot map.
So because we have to end this is we are going to need two maps.
The first one, I'm just going to call a results.
And what it is going to do is it is going to give me the result, which has an index of zero.
So return a result that has an index of zero.
And you know what, for this one, we are not going to need because we are just returning one thing,
so we are not going to need any any kind of curly braces, we can just put a result of that.
And then I'm going to tack another map.
And what is this map going to do?
It is going to grab that result that we just received and it is going to give us results, dot what
it is that we're looking for.
Transcript.
There we go.
And because MAP is going to return an array, we need to convert it to a string.
So we are just going to call it the join and just put in empty quotes here.
So now we should be good with this one.
All right.
And now let's go over and added to this paragraph that we have created.
So the reason that I've used let is because we are going to change this paragraph multiple times.
So speech Parreira, you're going to say that inner text should be equal to speech to text.
And now we have created that parents should adopt it.
So we are going to say transcription does not append child.
What is that child?
It is speech.
Power speech.
Uh, PEMRA.
Save it and let's come here and now there we go.
All right, so there is a problem with this, and why is that, what is the problem?
The problem is once this session ends and, you know, you can see that I'm talking, it doesn't just
record it again.
It is just going to end there.
So we need to create is a session whenever and a session is one session is ended.
We need to create another session.
So first off, let's grab our recognition speech.
So what is that recognition speech, that ad event listener?
The event is going to listen when a session one session ends and then we are going to run and we are
going to start another session.
How do we start it?
We just say recognition, speech, dot start.
All right, so now you can see that we have a recession is started.
But there is still another problem that whatever I say next is going to.
Override what I've said before.
See, you can see that here.
So what we are going to do is we are going to wait until that is final, until a result is final, and
then we are going to create another paragraph.
So if either results, the first index, which is the zero index, is literally final, what do we do?
We grab our speech para and we are going to say document that could we create element?
We are going to create another element and that element is going to be another.
So that's how we are going to get multiple PS inside our inside our website.
All right, so that's the next line is actually the next paragraph, and if you wait for like three
seconds, you're going to start another session.
All right.
Session for.
Session five.
Session six.
And so on, you can see and if you come here and take a look at what we have set inside the e-mail aliments.
Transcription, you can see that each one of these is actually a paragraph because we have said so when
the results is final, the next result is going to be a different paragraph than before.
So they should not override each other.
With this, our application comes to an end, I think that for those of you who whose language is whose
English, for those of you whose first language is not English and you're maybe like in the process
of learning it or you have learnt it.
The way that you can use this application is you can test your speaking skills and the better this application
understands you, the better.
Another person that you want to talk to is going to understand you.
So think of this for those of you whose first language is not English, for those of you who are learning
English, just speak to this.
I know it's not that accurate, but still it's almost like 90 percent accurate.
And you can see that right here, OK?
And it's almost like 90 percent accurate.
And whenever this application understands you, even though this application is is flawed, that another
person that you want to talk to is going to understand you as well.
All right.
So with this, our application comes to an end, and that's it for this application.
See you guys in the next one.